docs: Added link to clean air calculation pdf (#68)
MaibornWolff/clean-air: README.md

- https://www.cuimc.columbia.edu/news/far-uvc-light-safely-kills-airborne-coronaviruses
- https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32547908/

> We also have a [calculation (PDF)](documentation/theory.pdf) of the theoretical effiency of the clean air device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We estimated the irradiance inside the device as described in the [calculation (PDF)](documentation/theory.pdf).
```
